You are an envoy
Want to make a thousand troops
Who gave you the courage?
Dare to salute my father's son
Long time no see
Is the Temple of War already so arrogant?
Arrogant hum
I fight the temple across the world
Defend the building river
Naturally there is hubris capital
Who are you?
Why impersonate the Qing army?
Ok, Qin Feng
You really are not the Qing army
I mean he was picked up by a dead old woman
How could there be a Qing army?
Daughter-in-law now knows she is a relative if she has a soldier
What else do you get?
I advise you.
Better make a phone call and find out.
Otherwise, you might not be able to leave this banquet hall today.
Don't fight anymore.
The Qing army is He Xubing
At this green shed banquet, it is naturally a pressure appearance
Is there nothing to hide?
The three of us, I got it.
It must be a trap set by Pei Jiuling
Let the Qing army invade the ivy feast he organized
Find this person to impersonate the Qing army
Sworn to root out the surveillance of the three major families in the southern province
It's not like blinding me is vulgar, it's not like spearheading to strengthen yourself
Pei Jiuling, your ambition is too great
Okay, you accompany the plastic surgery?
How dare you!
Destroy my hundred ethnic groups in the name of the Qing army
Pei Jiaolin, do you want to talk to the Qing army?
Today is the Qing army's canonization of the Hundred War General I
You strike with the sword and seek death with power, and you will be a pig for the crime of understanding evil
This is an adult
Tianjiuling colluded with intelligence
Impersonating the Qing army
With a certain horse for personal gain
We quickly took down these two traitors.
Offer their heads to the Qing army